Adding examples for wavelength and detector. (#127)
sunpy/sunpy-soar: changelog/121.feature.rst

> Created a how-to guide, added a guide to query wavelength and added a gallery example for `wavelength` and `detector`.

Reviewer: I think this should be a .doc. and not a .feature.

> Created a how-to guide, added a guide to query wavelength and added a gallery example for `wavelength` and `detector`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Created a how-to guide with a guide on how to query wavelength.
Added a short gallery example on how to query using ``wavelength`` and ``detector``.
```
